Fixes #5284 - Add Airbus Hangar and Helipads to Oxford (EGTK) SMR (#5293)
VATSIM-UK/UK-Sector-File: .github/CHANGELOG.md

> # Changes from release 2024/04 to 2024/04

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Changes from release 2024/05 to 2024/06
```

> X. AIRAC(2405) - Added Airbus Hangar and Helipads to Oxford (EGTK) SMR - thanks to @RedstonePilot (Ben Walker)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. AIRAC(2406) - Added Airbus Hangar and Helipads to Oxford (EGTK) SMR - thanks to @RedstonePilot (Ben Walker)
```
